Add setup development environment script file (#44)
l3af-project/l3af-arch: dev_environment/setup_dev_env_linux_vm.md

# Set up L3AF Development Environment for Linux VMs

> There are different ways to create Linux VM (i.e. Ubuntu 20.04).  At local computer host, various VM software, i.e. VirtualBox, Parallels, Multipass, Windows WSL etc. can create Linux VM (i.e. ubuntu).  And Linux VM can be created in cloud environment, i.e. Azure VM.  The following procedures illustrated how to set up L3AF development environment for those VMs if Vagrant doesn't support them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different ways to create a Linux (i.e., Ubuntu 20.04) VM.  On a local computer host, various VM software, e.g., VirtualBox, Parallels, Multipass, Windows WSL, etc. can create a Linux VM.  A Linux VM can also be created in a cloud environment, e.g., Azure VM.  The following procedures illustrate how to set up a L3AF development environment for those VMs if Vagrant doesn't support them.
```

Author: Change as suggested

# Host Prerequisites

* [L3AFD source code](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd)
* [curl](https://curl.se/)
* [hey](https://github.com/rakyll/hey) or any HTTP load generator
* A web browser

> * A Linux VM running on the host or in the Cloud (record the login information while creating the Linux VM, and root access is required.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Linux VM running on the host or in a cloud (record the login information while creating the Linux VM, and root access is required.)
```

Author: Changed as suggested

# Trying out L3AF

> 1. Edit `config.yaml` to point to the [source code](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd) on your host machine. This

Reviewer 2: Is this needed as we download it directly to the VM in the script below?

Author: Yes, we needed here.  So after the source code got downloaded and map into the VM, the config.yaml pointed to the right location.

Reviewer 2: I don't see your script referencing config.yaml, so not sure why this is needed outside vagrant

Author: The code path is in the root, so we don't need to point to some developers own directory.  I took out the step 1.

   code will be mounted by the virtual machine. Additionally, you may modify the
   default ports used on the host to access services on the virtual machine.
   (Note, however, that this document will refer to the default ports.)

> 2. log in the Linux virtual machine, run "sudo -i" to change to the root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log into the Linux virtual machine, and run "sudo -i" to change to the root user.
```

Author: Changed as suggested

3. Run the script setup_dev_env_linux_vm.sh

> 4. Run the sccript start_test_servers.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the script start_test_servers.sh
```

Author: correct the spelling

> 4. Run the script start_test_servers.sh

Reviewer 2: Can't we just have the setup_dev_env_linux_vm.sh script run this as well?  We already run l3afd from the script, might as well run all the deps.

Author: The idea of script is replacing the vagrant setup dev environment, not starting running things.  If I pull the content of start_test_servers.sh in, then we have to maintain things in 2 different places.

Author: add in the calling into start_test_servers.sh from the set up script.

> Now go back the [README.md](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3af-arch/blob/main/dev_environment/README.md) for the host to configure L3AFD to execute sample eBPF programs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now go back to the [README.md](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3af-arch/blob/main/dev_environment/README.md) for the host to configure L3AFD to execute sample eBPF programs. 
```

Author: correct as suggested

> Now go back to the [README.md](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3af-arch/blob/main/dev_environment/README.md) for the host to configure L3AFD to execute sample eBPF programs. 

Reviewer 2: Make into relative link
